#journal 

## Saturday, November the 23th, 2024
Hmm, I completely forgot that i was supposed to make a diary/reflections thing but now is as good of a time to do it as ever. It feels weird writing my private thoughts in such a manner, foreign even. The last time I’ve done such a thing was most probably way back when i was a child in Qatar, and it was less as a form of reflection and more as a way to practice my handwriting.

But nostalgia aside, let me break down my feelings of today a little. First of all, it was extremely unproductive. No exercise. No drawing. No cleaning.And i know it was very unproductive making me feel worse about it. It even inspired me to be more productive from tomorrow on,(yeah as if this is not the first time i thought so.) i always tell myself i will do all these things throught the day, however i often never do as much, and even though many think i am hardworking and can sit down and do a task for a long long time, only i know how undisciplined i am. I think the way to solve this would be to establish a proper routine, wake up on time and generally do exercise and such. Keeping a diary like this might be beneficial too, just to keep my thoughts organized and establish a form of routine with it. Go out of my way to write a little every night.

On other thoughts about today… i am honestly a bit annoyed at our ordering situation. We keep ordering food from Uber over and over again to the point where i honestly think is way to much. Once a week is more than fine, however once you order 6 out of 7 days, then it is a problem. But while i am annoyed, this is probably the result of mother being tired because of events i am unaware of. I think i will need to be more proactive in cooking. I have already been fairly productive in cooking for myself, however i have not been proactive in cooking for mother. I also have been enabling her behavior in ordering instead of saying no.

In general saying no and having conflict with people have been large problems of mine, however i am simply too tried today to have a deep reflection into myself about that one.

Back on proactiveness, i also need to become more proactive when it comes to cleaning. Generally i should do more things around the house without being explicitly told to do it. It is something that i can easily do when i am left to my own devices however struggle with if in the presence of others. I am not sure why this behavior has been ingrained into me, however it is not a good one at all and needs to be resolved.

Ok that is it for todays diary, let me close out the day and wish the best to tomorrows me. Kisses~~

# Rat Planner
- [ ] Yay




