#journal 

## Sunday, November 24th of 2024
—————————
God im so tired, doing this at night was probably not the best time to do this but i cant skip out on this yet, it’s only the second day! I really need to continue with this to properly establish a habit so this, and some other stuff like making the bed and pre-sleep routine gets implanted deep into my skull.


As i write this, i realize that this is quite incoherent. Im probably not the best in writing things straight onto paper without the help of editing after so this diary thingy is igood practice to be honest. Hopefully as i continue with these my thoughts will become more and more coherent. The tiredness can also be impacting the way im writing too so that also needs to be taken into account.

What is something very bad is that i have not sat down and drawn properly in a couple of days. Instead i have been filling my time with video games. A little games are fine but i have been going a bit overboard lately - i think i need to cut back.

This brings me to my next point, i think i need to really establish a work pipeline where i do work first and then entertain myself as a reward, as entertaining myself before a task often leads me to spiral and meander for quite the long while before starting the task. This is very much an issue of discipline and self-control. I’ll do my best with it tomorrow, maybe even finish all my task for the day this time, and hope for the best. Again this will not be something i can change overnight but be something that i will have to keep grinding at.

Still my productivity is not where i want it at, and i did not even finish the most important tasks of today, but im happy I at least completed some. Hopefully soon i can get into a rythym were i clear all task of in a day.

Anyway here i will close out today’s diary entry. Best of luck tomorrow me, i wish you the world in terms of successes. Sweet dreams~~


## Dream Diary
—————————
Today I remember having a quite odd dream that i do not quite remember anymore. I think i just need to write it down as soon as i wake to truly catalog it. Hmm tomorrow is a new day.

## Today's Notes
—————————
- [[ Honkai Thoughts]]
- 

# Rat Planner
- [x] Make Bed
- [x] Clean Bathroom
	- [ ] Throw out trash
	- [ ] Wipe Floors
- [ ] Clean Bedroom
	- [ ] Change Bedsheets
- [ ] Vacuum Office
- [ ] DO RESUME
- [ ] Check What Ben put on the acmi to do
- [x] Download blender






